Week zero Help Center

Comments — CodeSkulptor
Non-computational parts of the program that textually describe the behavior of the program.
Comments begin with #, everything to right of the hash is ignored by Python.
Comments should be frequent so you and others can understand the code.
Lecture examples - CodeSkulptor
More examples - Comments, Strings, and Print
Strings — CodeSkulptor
Sequence of characters enclosed by a pair of single or double quotes
Examples are "cats hate dogs" and 'Strings are fun!'.
Strings are one kind of data in Python. Their data type is denoted str.
Lecture examples - Hello World
More examples - Comments, Strings, and Print
Numbers — Arithmetic Expressions
There are two kinds of numerical data in Python: integers and decimal numbers.
Integers correspond to the data type int. Decimal numbers are represented by floating-point numbers corresponding to the data type float.
Floating-point numbers have around 15 decimal digits of accuracy.
In CodeSkulptor, all numbers (even integers) are represented internally as floating-point numbers.
Lecture examples - Arithmetic Expressions
More examples - Floats and Ints
Arithmetic Operators — Arithmetic Expressions
Five basic arithmetic operators; addition (+), subtraction (-), multiplication (*), division (/) and exponentiation (**)
CodeSkulptor implements a subset of Python 2. In Python 2, the division operator (/) returns a float approximation to the exact answer if either of the operands is a  float.  If both operands are integers, division returns the exact answer round down to the nearest integer.
The integer division operator // returns the quotient of two numbers..
Lecture examples - Arithmetic Expressions
More examples - Arithmetic Operations, Division
Arithmetic Expressions — Arithmetic Expressions
An arithmetic expression is either a number or an operator applied to two arithmetic expressions.
Arithmetic expressions are entered as a sequence of numbers and arithmetic operators.
Expressions are formed by grouping operators and operands via precedence: "Please excuse my dear Aunt Sallie"; parentheses, exponentiation, multiplication, division, addition, subtraction.
Lecture examples - Arithmetic Expressions
More examples - Order of Operations for Arithmetic Expressions, Possible Errors for Arithmetic Expressions
Variables — Variables
Variable names consist of a sequence of letters, number and underscores (_).
Variable names start with a letter or underscore and are case sensitive.
Single equals (=) is used for assignment to variables. Double equals (==) is used for testing equality.
Lecture examples - Variables
More examples - Variable Naming, Vabiable Assignment, Variable Operations, Formulas
